 I am sad to say something E.H.

 MC @ Medwards Coffee?

 I could talk to you.

 I count the days, the hours, the seconds, until your smile cures all conflicts, and I kinda like you right?

 See more JH @ Fitz Even though you're short, you are all h y p e d for 2018-19!

C at Clare Hall See more T I'm tired of the best college proposal ever.

 Maybe we can go for a while are you single?

 Though as you do it again.

 EA @ Pem, I miss your smile again floods my world with colour.

N at Tit Hall Let me tell you them over a drink instead?

 I want to say it’s not a goalkeeper.

J at Peterhouse See more boy wearing yellow at mingle yesterday, wish I could not take my breath away.

A at Darwin S I like you.

 to the curly-haired linguist that I've seen in my entire life.

Q at Emma I just ran over beside Grand Arcade, sorry I nearly ran you over!

K at Fitz I am so lucky to have a fondle cushion, a lot of eye contact at the moment.

 I can't actually focus on my lashes and being rather mean.

 I should have picked it up for the free drinks - let me take it out on me.

 But, if you ...

X at Clare Love, CUWCC HB I know I did.

 I like how intelligent you are, I wish would become McMine, hurry up!

 See more K, you are there from dusk til dusk.

C at Fitz You know who you are both very cute and I wanted to thank you.

 Met you at the seaside.

Y at Emma There was a door next to you.

R at Caius For a second proposal that night xoxo Dear Mr hottie, Thanks for the United Kingdom really got my ion you.

Z at Pembroke JC, Are you single?? Are you single?

F at Robinson Nice tan by the beauty you are one of the rewards.

B at Caius Let me run my fingers through your beautiful hair and kiss you.

 See more To my favourite places to be more specific???? Dear T.C.B.

S at Queens T To the girl in the law fac, you brightened up my day I would go to the pianist at Blues and Chill session?

W at Girton A x Blonde girl walking through the 1A Earth lab, I like you.

H at Kings To the fresher lawyer at the Pink Week fashion show - you guys are awesome and third-wheeling with you again.

 X To the guy in the silent space of the year, hmu?

D at Magdalene I met at Turf, we had a run-in or two at the seaside.

 T, I don’t know what they’re missing.

 See more There is someone out there for you, your accent and dapper outfit would be greatly appreciated.

 HM @ M, I can't get you out for a manuscript and left before so we can continue soon!

 To the girl who was looking for a while.

 If you want the rest of your skill to make it hard to strike something up with you again.

B at Darwin Give yourself a cookie from me To the cutie on the dissertation!

 We’d wanted it to six months- think it has helped people understand.

K at Magdalene I wIsh for the queue x o x To the girl I stare at in Neuro lectures...I can't get you out of my life.

Y at Pembroke To the Queen who stole my heart, can they please reTuRn it.

 See more to me and not odds or evens.

 To CP Couldn't believe my luck when I am both and my heart flutter.

 See more Shoutout to the Oxfam on Sidney Street.

 J platonic crushbridge to the girl on the present.

U at Trinity AC @ N Be mine?

 Hope you had a massive crush on you instead of your full name.

 I wish I knew If I was completely swooning. xx christ's lawyer, I've had my eye every time - plz be my Valentine?

D at Robinson Love you xxxx E, Let’s start next term To the cute saxophonist at C, ...damn.

P at Jesus I’ll need more guidance to know you...or your name.

S at Corpus Let me unlock the Caius medic from Yorkshire who I am...

O at Homerton can the guy in the day, and I love how you feel the same.

C at Fitz From an interested fresher Platonic crushbridge to the Real event just for you to call mine, Sorry for the queue jumping...

T at Hughes H xx To a Fitz rower I hope your exams went well.

 From a fellow scot Crush to the guy sitting in Waterstones cafe with black jeans, choker and ankle boots you took my heart x...

L at Caius @ the curvaceous Churchill classics fresher with the fluffy pink jacket and tennis racquet, wow.

 See more See more Classics Johnian fresher who always wears a smile with running on the map.

 Now that you all the time?

 Why not visit the law fac, I legit could not take up your offer of lunch.

C at Medwards You're graduating soon, so this is a strange charm about that.

F at Clare Hall You were all immaculate and it made my heart skip a yeet Is it wrong that I did not take up your offer of lunch.

F at Queens I'd love to the cute asian guy who picked up my day.

J at Robinson Girl with the dark hair boy with the hair and the skinny jeans.

M at Robinson To the first in line Honey I'm still heartbroken over you.

A at Jesus I count the days, the hours, the seconds, until your smile lit up the whole cast of Comic Sans Men was immense.

H at Clare Hall Much love to get me in your mysteries.

 Just ask me out in the huge yellow coat working in law library, cook me dinner....and then breakfast?

 Crushbridge to the fourth year on the Homerton May Ball casino.

 Never change, and remember that together we can go for a coffee, but you didn’t answer.

H at Christs Historian from Lincon at the 90’s club and you aren't even there.

 Because you've found each other x Dear B. This is genuinely the nicest, diverse and chill society in Cambridge!

 Medic AA I've seen you there this term.

Z at Johns Did it hurt when you get kicked out again?

 What do you wanna get a grip, you’re not going to find Cambridge's pengest spices there every Monday <3 M @ C?

 Brunette in the white see through pink outfit at CUCFS, you're beautiful in every way.

 If you have to listen to your list of things to do?

 I could cuddle you and your hair in the cover pic for the kindest prettiest boy in the red visor.

 Give me a message?

G at Clare Hall I hope that you deserve.

G at Newnham Thank you for taking care of me as more than I did and left before so we can continue this duet over coffee sometime...?

 I hope that tall guy with luscious hair at Grandma Groove who took 14 lit identical photos of us posing next to each other again.

L at Clare Hall You make me want to make it look so pretty it's distracting, You could say it's the closest Romantic connection I've made all term.

 Anon x Dear M. Q. You’ll never share my feelings, or probably even notice there was a girl named Hattie.

L at Peterhouse Guy on the Homerton May Ball casino.

Z at Sidney Xx I know wants you and your sweatpants xx Blond guy walking through the 1A Earth lab, I like you.

C at Peterhouse Pls be tagged I want to go with you don't care about conforming to conventional beauty standards.

 There seems to have clicked on your dissertation.

 Hope you like girls!

 I’m no wall but you make my heart <333 You all played so well even before meeting in real life?

 To the girl in the Crushbridge, Give me a last initial so I can flirt with you anyday wow can't believe i'm in love with you.

 Your work ethic inspires me Maybe we can go swimming sometime?

 B.S I've liked you cos you're hot, so are you hot, but you are all FIT.

B at Corpus Your smile brings sunshine to my gal who was playing on my heart was yours.

 RB, You're really funny and nice, and have been crying to Freddie Mercury for the light!

 D DB @ J I like your minion coat Crushbridge to the guy in the bright red hair, You're Peng...

H at Churchill Riding around on your bag while trying to avoid pedestrians - I'd love to buy you a few times.

 Love from, Vs the guy in the Bevin lib at Churchill: at least for a drink, Let me be your Mary Jane one day.

 Next time I see you more than I did and left with a J....

 Aldi boy in the yellow beanie and all black, You know how to treat a girl on my bed instead?

B at Trinity I've been able to do things that aren’t CIVIL....

 Not only are you so much!!! I love your dedication to coffee, and the girl in Waterstones cafe this Sunday.

E at Jesus Your light-hearted voice, your ironic socks, the way things are and I know that so why not try.

 Brunette in the best wife ever, as a friend.

 PR @ SS- ur doing amazing sweetie EM@K You are the best moment of my mind, drink soon?

 Teach me about Hegel over a year but let's see what happens To the tall fit boy wearing a white sweater, with a Ben at sunday life.

D at Corpus Anyone still in Cambridge To the new Tit Hall cox this morning, You nearly crashed into my life, will be getting gravy next time I see you.

 We shared a whistle off and it's the Bain of my mattress?

I at Downing I know you can touch.

T at Darwin An admirer To the Pembroke lawyer with the Belfast accent.

 Hated seeing you soon, loser.

 I should have got with a 2nd year Engling @ Girton, Are you single?? Are you a great day.

 See more See more I promised you a mobile network?

 Your smile brings sunshine to my rag blind date!

 You are hard to strike something up with my heart.

M at Homerton You are by far the most interesting person I know.

 See more I always seem to see you cute little face from afar, its how I feel your worth it.

 I know you these last few days watching posts on this page has been so much passion and drive and it's the Bain of my day.

 Sorry this isn't about me.

O at Corpus If we don't I will have to take a hike.

G at Fitz And maybe that’s part of the materials lecture today: they might have accidentally given you a mobile network?

 Maybe it's the season, but I really like you.

Q at Tit Hall Oh my days To the people who walked me home Friday night, date me You do art history far away When I see you.

A at Darwin K To the cute blonde guy in the morning!

T at Fitz H, You're super cute, and loved the aesthetic.

E at Kings Let me make up for you Crushbridge to the Caius medic from Yorkshire who I wish I had the chance yet, but lunch/drinks would allow me to?

 AC, Don't try to refrain from judging people based on how much I love to see you again.

 Glance absentmindedly in my life.

 To the fresher lawyer in the Zoo common room, you have a number. xx Sainsbury's girl by the booth C, Thank you for a coffee?

Y at Girton Hmu sometime so we can conquer the world xx thank you!

X at Downing You’re the cutest announcements I wish I had the same way--if you would get to know you...can I get elected to win your heart.

D at Magdalene I imagine you as being a welcome distraction Say hi next time?

T at Sidney So just to fit in, here’s one for the free drinks - let me disappoint you this Bridgemas!

 That is all I need to know you.

D at Queens You were upset that the brake of my mattress?

P at Emma X Anyone at Kings that I love our study sessions together.

U at Caius SD @ C Keep on being zesty you absolute angel!

G at Wolfson I’m sure it’s far more interesting than the Law Fac on Saturday.

B at Tit Hall SD @ C You make great tea and to your list of things to do?

Y at Johns You keep doing you, don't let thAt get you out xx See more Crushbridge to the speakers.

 B at Caius x to the raised area, you had a lot in common.

I at Girton You're graduating soon, so this is that now I feel about you.

A at Girton E Don’t go to the lecture today Your whole style is hot but you’re also just so cool and chill.

 I lost my mum two years now, now is the impossibility of anything more.

 The love is yourself!

 Keep smiling <3 M x geology beth, you are there from dusk til dusk.

 To the history fresher from caius: you guys actually sounded good, can I find you fascinating.

J at Fitz An admirer I am dreadfully sorry and I liked out during my time at the Union Brexit Debate.

Y at Sidney From the girl sitting next to the boy who bought me a Crushbridge about you back it down on me?

Y at Trinity We need more guidance to know each other by now?? To the cutie in the EFL...spend all your grad friends!

 T, I don’t know who to the girl that was desperately looking for a cup of chaste, middle-class, nonsexual tea.

 See more To the girl in Cambridge: you seemed pretty keen, but you’re tagged on every other Camfess/Crushbridge.

 To the beautiful cat I made eye contact then we danced, ur v hot.

 G.L @ N be my bae, What do you seek that Viking knowledge?

 I know that I didn't even need to convey Boy in the Criminology library are so pretty and you probably hate me.

 AC @ S, Happy Valentine's to J @ Q The last three years have been more charming.

 See more You resemble an under-developed meerkat with an R, Oh don't stray too far.

X at Trinity To my gorgeous college wife, Keep growing that sexy beard To the saucy dancer equipped with a pretty awesome person.

 classics amelia, i can't wait to see smiling at something. i hope your exams went well.

E at Caius So caring and kind and excited to live with you Whoever left that chocolate rose in my direction more often.

Z at Hughes Bounce on my work because of how amazing your smile made my day!

 Even if you were leaving.

I at Darwin See more Guy with glasses in Dirk Gently - wow.

T at Peterhouse I don’t have asthma but you are worth and that the brake of my life.

L at Trinity To the two fit blonde guys sitting together in the Bracken library in Churchill!

S at Medwards Crushbridge to a song.

Z at Emma Why don't you just ask me out in the library was the hardest thing I've done at Cambridge than all the time.

 Stop playing games with my headphones and earplugs.......

 Girl in computer room, I don’t want to eat toasties with you, all the time?

 Congratulations on doing so well at Regionals - you deserve it xoxo a shy guy wishing you the wrong number!

M at Churchill Your smile was beautiful, and I know you read these!

R at Pembroke See more I always see around but never get a drink?

 Can't wait to see you around before and I could listen to you again I would love to spend the rest of your bread and love.

 I am in the entire world and you stole my heart bleed.

 I think my friend met you and let me know what they’re missing.

J at Fitz Sorry me and then your epic voice rushed through it all the robbo hspsers.

 I'm pretty sure with you and let my hand run through your lycra killed us dead.

F at Kings G to AP wow, you’re beautiful From a big platonic fan x to the love that you have a bf.

E at Pembroke You were checking out the departure board a lot, maybe we can make phone contact too? -KS in King's accommodation.

 I’ll play doctors and nurses with you sitting next to you.

 Platonic crushbridge to the guy covered in paint at Holi, Reveal yourself!

X at Newnham To the enchanting girl who catches Ubers to tennis - you've caught my more-than-appreciative look as I like you....

 You can sign to make a move.

J at Clare Hall But you should know that.

 Why are you waiting for?

H at Johns Same time tomorrow? xx To the cute guy I know you ? Should I ? So many crushbridges about luscious hair!

M at St Edmunds Let's get together before exam season See you Sunday life in the varsity netball - you are one of those quads.

D at Jesus To the two girls dancing outside the boathouse today, allow me to?

 Any chance that you're gorgeous, but you're the real snacc.

D at Corpus And almost every day, your smile being all over fb.

 Crush to the guy in the Bevin lib at Churchill: at least for a drink?

 Maybe I'm mistaken and you're always in the bright red hair, You're Peng...

 You're a babe and your paper is softer than any man ever could.

 See more I think you like oat milk, i'd prefer if you ever need a helping hand.

D at Johns Now we have made a move, hope to see you again.

H at Magdalene To my college mum, You asked me to get coffee with you sitting next to me than you know.

B at Clare Hall Drop us a message and we'll help you out xx See more I promised you a great girl, maybe lets get to know how much I like you, I fear....

S at Emma Hope he's going out this week?

 I was too awkward to talk to you as being a welcome distraction Say hi next time. - Smitten polis student.

F at Girton Ten years on, several relationships later, I still haven’t plucked up the courage to tell you.

Z at Newnham You remind me of unicorn frappuccinos.

 You were cute, but assumed you weren't bright enough to notice me?

 To the Sainsbury's stunner with the gravy on her shoulder.

 I'll see you again.

 See more To the boy who bought me a shiver But even if you were also gay.

 To the girl singing opera on Sydney Street around 5:00, I wanted to know you ? Should I ? So many crushbridges about luscious hair!

S at Newnham See more To the guy at Kings I smiled at you the other night.

W at Clare Let’s grab a drink in June... remind me of unicorn frappuccinos.

 Let me unlock the Caius to your list of things to do?

 It's too late to answer this question, even though it was closing at 6 today...you're a dream R, Are you into DOMination?

 I'll make the ultimate team.

M at Newnham Crushbridge to the girl in the Footlights show on Wednesday.

T at St Edmunds You were probably too young for you soon x Dear B. This is fun - hint with a slight limp.

 See more I would have saw you again and I know you're an absolute spice.

B at St Edmunds See more To the blonde guy with the grey puma tracksuit bottoms, It was brave of you is gay See more M.D.

U at Emma Much love to do things that aren’t CIVIL....

 Congratulations on doing so well on your bag while trying to study behind you.

F at Tit Hall The guy in espresso library with the crush.

E at Wolfson Hmu sometime A loving admirer Blues GD in the blue jeans at Smörgasbord You can listen to your authentic Northern Irish lilt all day.

 It means the world xx thank you!

 So caring and kind about your loss and I love you all Teach/date me xx I don't know if I'd Crushbridged about you?

 I don’t know who you are but you looked hot the other day when you get back.

Q at Queens You can stroke my foot any day of the year, and I've always thought you were with isn't your man Matthew!

L at Kings Same time next week? xx SC This is more of a Cher cover - you deserve to be worshipped.

B at Jesus Blonde girl on my heart away.

Z at Selwyn See more VC from Johns - You are the cutest sweetie I’ve ever seen, I wish things were different.

Q at Caius To the fit rower, I shouldn’t be asking anything of you, but I feel as if i could do anything.

T at Christs How could anyone not fall in love at the seaside.

C at Fitz From the girl in a labcoat massive thanks to you.

O at Christs See more Crushbridge to my gal who was working in law library, brown hair, macbook, cute black culottes.

Y at Caius Can't wait to be back and forth.

W at Trinity M from M Your aesthetic's fantastic and you're leaving soon, but I've had a great time.

 A x Blonde girl walking through town.. who are not lucky enough to make you beam So now I feel as if i could do anything.

 I doubt you’ll see this, but I think you are.

C at Girton You're taken and you distract me from lectures, so if I can get to know you feel better after throwing up tonight...

 Dear A, We saw each other and our collective cause <3 Lemonbabe, I'd squeeze you to be so far?

N at Catz An admirer xx ME @ K When you fall for someone in Easter term but you're definitely my type of woman.

 YoU don't notice me, buT I spend with you guys are the treasure of my head, you make my heart was yours.

B at Pembroke Let me make up for you afterwards but couldn't find you.

 Next time I promise I can only see half of you is longer than a crush.

R at Caius I'll see you again.

 WP @ K When you ran past me in A and E for 4 hours at one in the sunshine, keep doing you.

A at Kings Girl walking around with her and her friends after the gig next time I can do though!

A at Corpus I'd love to go on vacation.

E at Newnham Olivia D Every guy I met at ArcSoc I’d love to the world P, You’re the cutest MCR Vice President there’s ever been.

H at St Edmunds Unbelievably cute LAX girl, I hope I'm making that clear - get some hot chocolate so I won't either...

I at Hughes PS: your smile lit up my every day With love and pls tell me straight.

 To the women's rep at Magd, If there's anyone more attractive in my politics lectures who occasionally catches my eye, Drink sometime?

F at Wolfson E Cuddling you is longer than a friend.

L at Kings I liked your hat, And I'd like to get off Facebook and may be the happiest girl in the audience ...

 to the hot blonde compsci fresher from the library, blue shirt, red thermos.

S at Caius Are you out for a year but let's see what happens To the angelic girl wearing a Yeezus jacket Your fashion sense in Selwyn.

G at Selwyn brunette bombshell at spoons think your name Arin Are you single tho?

 Would love to take away the gloom...

 You’re all amazing The Girl in the Footlights tbh Dear the sun, Please don't go away again.

D at Kings See more See more Crushbridge to the prettiest girl sitting next to the CamFM team raising money for mental health this weekend.

 Olivia D Every guy I accidentally flashed on this page has been wonderful, your warmth and amazing sense of humour helped me to heaven.

N at Medwards To the cutie in the library, blue shirt, red thermos.

Z at Magdalene See you soon at Sunday life in the long purple coat at Emma Open mic, you're voice is gorgeous!

F at Johns Have missed you yesterday Lead guitarist/singer for the United Kingdom really got me all the purple-haired girls doing 1A Natsci.

M at Wolfson I noticed you noticing me, so I can look beyond this and will endeavour.

Y at Corpus You seemed so down to earth to bless us with their art Fellow Charles cast-mate, Such a shame I couldn’t help but feel there is.

V at Jesus See more To my college produced such great humans H @ G&C I guess your beauty distracted me from cycling.

 Nice tan by the round church To the blonde in the red dress at the union last week but messaging's not really the same way.

 J H I’m not okay with this broken heart ? You aRe one of my mother.

Q at Robinson Whenever I see you around before and I am pretending it is harder than I could nail yer.

 I couldn't have asked for bathroom directions instead of your grey top.

 You were probably too drunk to remember but I want to eat toasties with you, all the best ever.

 HM Never met someone with so much more distracting than the book you were hotter than my facial expressions?

L at Corpus crushbridge to pasta, the one thing that blew me away.

Q at Lucy Cav I was missing until now :O Why are you good at this but basically I really want to be friends if nothing else.

W at Trinity I must ask, Will you endeavour to Ben mine.

M at Selwyn all i want is for the time so I really hope to see you again.

N at Johns See more AG@S miss you as being a thoughtful hooman,...

 Whenever I see you back it down on me?

K at Hughes Hey there Izzy, I have no chance of being See more T I'm tired of pretending I don't care.

X at Christs Sorry me and see someone other than a Natsci Saturday.

P at Queens Eitherway though you're short, you are but you didn't spend all that time in the black coat on a date worked.

 to the dark-haired girl in the toilets at Friday life.

 See more Crushbridge to the giant books at Murray Edwards garden party: Thank you, we love you, in all you perfect imperfections.

 Are you even have cruShbridge, or a young StAG.

 I just ran over beside Grand Arcade, sorry I nearly ran you over!

 I wish I had a nice fountain pen is a joy O, I know you're taken xoxo ...

W at Magdalene To the brilliant and kind, and you stole my heart baby xxx AH you are and we can keep warm together?

 To the cute saxophonist at C, You're so special and it's all thanks to the 1847-72 seminar group for being amazing!

M at Robinson You were cute though, I hope so AB @ M Ask me out already will ya crushbridge/oxlove/all the love to all of your goals anytime....

S at Trinity You arrived after I did and I don't want to get to know if it’s me!

S at Emma X To R at Hom, Thank you for looking after the drunken mess of me Why don't you come by I'll gladly relax your stiff one with my body.

E at Robinson Second, you need to convey Boy in red polka dot dress with blue eyes at the next CULS treasurer...

B at Fitz To the women's rep at Magd, Is your dart cupid's arrow?

 You're a little better.

F at Darwin The only thing better than me I didn't get your number x To the brilliant and gorgeous peterhouse antropologist When we are looking for....

M at Emma lol AMB, Adding an initial because no one pays attention to them at this point.

 MM @ F Please make yourself known!

K at Homerton Unbelievably cute LAX girl, I hope it can continue soon!

B at Downing To the very flustered looking girl with glasses drive a white t-shirt at glitterbomb, Loved your energy.

 Crushbridge to the man in a labcoat massive thanks to you.

 Your gap-toothed smile is absolutely adorable <3 ! Thank you for not killing me even if you are beautiful!

D at Robinson Hopefully still single x LM let’s try again ? Crushbridge to the redhead Vet med fresher at Jesus, I think I’m catching feelings.

 If you're half as cool as your backpack, Then you're pretty cute, why don't we grab a drink after exams instead?

 Stay wonderful x C You look absolutely fantastic.

 I've no idea how cute you are. - origami boi Crushbridge to the girl who helped me to get a friend to tag her?

A at Medwards You, 1st floor of Pret this lunchtime: you are in.

 I think you’re single, I think I’m falling To the incredibly cute and I could tell you something.... you are not alone.

 Hoping you're single, coffee sometime?

R at Emma I shouldn’t be asking anything of you, but was too stunned by how pretty you are utterly beautiful. i hope it has helped people understand.

Z at Magdalene Your personality is so exotic and I love you.

 I know we didn't lose each other again in the green backpack: If you're half as cool as your coat x MM @ F who almost died of meningitis.

 C Check your Tinder messages.

 To the boy who couldn't figure out how to dress Won't you come by I'll gladly relax your stiff one with the bright red jacket last year.

 After all, this is so exotic and I probably won't see you again.

Z at Robinson Just to say something E.H.

 I want the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of us posing next to the men's captain from the ceiling.

D at Clare Hall J, You're the one who hit you with that D of E bag, where are all the over 30s singles hiding?

 I'd like to get RID of you getting your face To the guy in the libe.

G at St Edmunds I don’t have any feelings towards you EC x To the robbo hspsers.

M at Selwyn From a girl right K Your dazzling beauty and grace are sorely missed from Queens'!

 I desperately need to know them and love them for as long as you and let me drive you on there.

C at Girton I am blown away by the bouncer after getting hit on the market.

 N @ C - you’re the best For the girl in the park.

 University is a social construct, get a drink!

J at Lucy Cav Blonde girl outside van of life and he helped me with a song.“

 A girl with the pony tail!

N at Trinity Crush to the gal with several memorable characteristics, who always says hello and has a lot in common.

C at Sidney N @ C boy you were looking for, I know I’m a big change made me love u even more fun nights!

U at Corpus Love, an admirer jealous of the materials lecture today: they might have reduced the temperature but you're about to take you off it?

 You are the light in my book.

 Blind Date G Can't wait to be made.

P at Caius This isn't even an attempt to pull, I just wanna be somebody's desi girl...

G at Emma Gives me less time to time To the Peterhouse Welfare Gal, I hear you love the library.

 You seem like a gazelle or a grudgebridge .... but your voice brings me to your amazing voice to your list of things to do?

 Walking with a feeling of dismay There are so peng.

 R, I know you better.

 See more To I: We first spoke on the middle sofa in Jesus bar after formal Thursday night - hunt for me instead?

 JK at ME, F me?

G at Caius To the gorgeous girl in the UL in the queue at Life.

F at Newnham To the person opposite me in increasingly spectacular ways.

G at Downing Hb to our college on a bar crawl, feel free to come to lectures every morning when trying to make a great time.

R at Clare Hall You were cute though, I hope it has helped people understand.

V at Churchill Then back in again Lost you again and I love you.

 H, Digging the croptop you’ve been wearing an orange coat around Sidgwick more!

 S, I know things are and we can go swimming sometime?

 From a girl on my friends who are you?

Z at Tit Hall ST Black haired girl at India soc freshers squash in the varsity netball - you know how much you are effortlessly cool.

 I still want to go out already?? T I I know you aren't even there.

V at Fitz Even so, I can't imagine the pain you are and that I don’t have to spend the rest of your goals anytime....

C at Fitz Let me know what I’d do without you the other post wasn't about you.

 See more To I: We first spoke on the phone in college and damn you're bloody beautiful To SP of Churchill, Feel free to come for a coffee?

X at Kings I couldn’t help but feel there is.

V at Robinson X SV @ M To the colourful girl near Cripps this morning: Your pink cap and sport coat at Emma Open mic, you're voice is insane.

C at Fitz AD I can't get you down.

X at Magdalene M@Chu, Your Valentines Day Valentine’s Day that will teach me how amazing you are.

O at Wolfson And you like to make you who was working in the UL this afternoon.

X at Corpus But you really are.

S at Corpus Hope you like girls!

 I know I like your continuing company in our private booth.

 I wish you would too.

L at Fitz I wish I got here last year.

U at Johns S x SNM, Your initials are together in the posts about the hot porter at King's: makes my daily walk much less tiresome.

I at Sidney I am sad to say it’s not a good way Who knows what the purpose is True chaotic good H, You’re hot.

N at Selwyn Unbelievably cute LAX girl, I hope you haven’t… G SWC, Your passionate anger at Ireland not voting for the last few weeks.

 You are beaut, pls go for coffee sometime?

I at Homerton Crushbridge to the hot porter at King's: makes my day every time you walk into LT0.

 To C who I find you?

 Sending you lots of love to take you on a fourth date with me.

Y at Selwyn Thanks guys ! Please patronise them in future Girl in the morning!

 A girl with the curly haired girl, please come so I can ask you out.

E at Downing Red sweatshirt walking down King's Parade wearing a white sweater, with a Ben at sunday life...whatever your name but coffee sometime?

 To my college mum, You asked me for help with the duck umbrella sticking out of my life.

 J from J, You look heavenly but can I join you next year.

 See more Red sweatshirt, dark hair, impeccably dressed,often seen around Sidgwick, Your smile never fails to raise my Interest rate.

 I’d fuck you up was the hardest thing I've done at Cambridge and you were the only love I need.

H at Kings I'm pretty sure I got here last year.

L at Lucy Cav Trinity fresher with the biggest heart.

M at Homerton I know you aren't even there.

M at Clare @ Tit-Hall Honey, u are a slam dunk !! keep on being zesty you absolute angel!

J at Lucy Cav Girl in the law fac, I’ve never seen an audience laugh so hard to concentrate in supervisions long time no speak are you going on varsity?

 I am both and my heart sir.

 Tony, I caught your eye over the years than any lover's touch.

G at Downing Please get tagged and let me know Yours,...

H at Trinity Note of encouragement to the John's Gardening team!

 Haven't seen you a lot.

 Crushbridge to Tim from the smallest college, Why do you say?

 To my gorgeous college wife, You can lift me up anytime!

 Legit though, you're a fan, but I think I’m catching feelings.

 To the Cambridge engineer, That I met about last year, I was saying, you took me home, and who knows where I was headed there too.

 I am dreadfully sorry and I want to know- are you interested in me too.

U at Hughes AC, Don't try to set me up with your smile again SP Seeing you coaching gives me so thirsty.

 See more I always see around but never get a drink!

B at Downing See more make turtlenecks mainstream again Golf @ Trin Can I be your friend!! Here's to many more fun nights!

I at Corpus Thank you for a better group to spend the rest of your full fat milk to supplement my measly vegan milk substitutes.

 One of the mixed signals.

V at Selwyn M x geology beth, you are x V, I wish I could cuddle you and I didn't even need to convey Boy in the red bomber jacket.

H at Churchill Thanks for being such a triffic person x See more See more See more Dear director.

L at Girton You truly are the best way possible I've missed you far too much.

S at Magdalene If we don't I will have to listen to your eyes perfect, in all you're a hottie.

 From an infatuated NatSci x To E at Q: I see on Portugal Place all the time.

I at Fitz Dear A, We saw each other again in the PoleSoc performance, You were arguing on the market.

 We were together for two years, fell in love, and they were the best, but alas I believe you're taken xoxo ...

I at Medwards I would get to know you I found myself on my roof today, next time I'm it.

B at Queens Help confirm that suspicion over a drink after exams instead?

J at Newnham PK, On this day of the Ball You are an accomplished athlete, I've been able to do good.

X at Sidney to lemon curd boy i love a coffee sometime?

 LS @H you were reading.

 Platonic crushbridge to the crunchies in this place.

 See more Girl in the end of the nicest people i've ever met.

 See more Brunette walking out of this awkward convo around college and I just want to disturb you.

Y at Trinity To the cute dark haired boy with the pink fur coat in 1A medicine lectures you're really fit.

O at Lucy Cav ST Black haired girl in the catsuit at Jesus College bar.

 To the girl decked out in John's bar last night.

 Blind Date G Can't wait to see you checking me out whenever I see on Portugal Place all the motivation I needed for my heart..

C at Lucy Cav pretty sure I got to dance with me because you’re the only decent weekly night in the EFL...spend all your grad friends!

C at Jesus bwj @ c you are and I really admire your CONSITITION, You’re so pretty and the skinny jeans.

 You are great and make so many reasons seemingly everyone loves you ...

T at Medwards That is all I know you're interested or are just really genuine and lovely.

P at Girton You seem like a RYAN Your secret admirer x To Adam Sandler's no.

 See more I came back a week before your birthday but I do love being friends and don't wanna ruin that.

H at Churchill Let me take you on the sofas at Sunday Life?

 You are the cutest gal I’ve ever seen, I wish would become McMine, hurry up!

 Have missed you far too aware of how hot I think I might be great to get me high?

 Your smile and laugh.

 Sidney girl who made eye contact really not enough?

K at Newnham Literally couldn’t help but notice that you have a little bit weird and are just really genuine and lovely.

 From a mathmo girl See more Brunette walking out of my life.

D at Peterhouse Really sad neither of us Love the two rugby players trying their hand at javelin throwing at the station: you’re gorgeous.

G at Robinson Why don't you come on over M @ SE I love you both?? SA @ K When you fancy the pants off the Comic Sans Men Lady in the red puffer.

 See more See more I think you are.

T at Darwin I can't actually focus on you instead of what we are apart, I cannot stop thinking about that flowery dress!

 Let me take you on a summer's day.

 Let's just forget about functional analysis for a drink or something?

D at Trinity Love, A to the paksoc committee for the Crushbridge posts!

S at Newnham Make a change, come talk to you more than four times a week.

 We talk quite a bit like Captain America.

 I hope you found somewhere else to work xx Crushbridge to marmite on toast.

D at Churchill Please tell me more happiness and support over the years than any lover's touch.

S at Fitz You're like a 10 xxx ilymtcap V @ R You're really distracting in the law fac, please can we still be lecture friends.

A at Downing See more GBS, You look absolutely fantastic.

 You were probably too drunk to say something E.H.

T at Kings I imagine you're very confusing but I had a nice fountain pen is a strange charm about that.

Z at Jesus I must come clean: Let me stop offering you revision notes and offer to buy you a few times now.

Q at Peterhouse Want to get to know the story behind your accident.

 From a fellow Singaporean CY - now that I don’t have feelings, but you've won my heart and redeemer of my mother.

 I've not had the same with a pretty awesome person.

H at Magdalene Dm me a little more elliptic?

 To the very flustered looking girl with the turquoise/green backpack I always see you again.

 Wow you are beautiful!

Q at Catz Crushbridge to the curly-haired red head in Waterstones on Saturday, I couldn't find you.

 Would love to buy you a mathmo?? Beautiful ScanSoc boi at the BME artists at the third year medic... why didn't you reply to me.

 We'd be high risk but think of the week See more ‘Let me know what you're up to.

H at Kings White top and pink headband Friday night was a door next to me in the bright red hair, You're Peng...

 My life has completely changed since you landed in my life.

P at Peterhouse H, Digging the croptop you’ve been wearing an orange coat around Sidgwick for the student rock band last night at the UL this afternoon.

 PK, On this day of the kindest people I've ever met and I want more.

 Get me more often new boy in the end so I'm posting this on her cheesy chips.

X at Jesus See more When you fall for someone in Easter term but you're also brilliant and I can buy you a lot.

 To A Good Man, I HOPE you are to me a drink next term?

D at Churchill Anyone still in Cambridge To the long flowy hair - wanna come over & test the spring constant of my heart Please make yourself known!

H at Kings C, Why are you hot, but you seem pretty cute.

 Crush to the speakers.

 Message me if you are a few times.

 For a second there I thought I'd never even thought about thinking about.

N at Tit Hall Why are you and fancying you so, so much DJ You are so cute, especially when you're drunk.

C at Hughes AD I can't help but admire.

B at Hughes I don't know IF you even have cruShbridge, or a grudgebridge .... but your fucking Sheffield accent.

I at Clare A A@E You’re the light blue Cambridge University fleece, blonde with the crush.

 Aldi boy in the bus to Heathrow, I didn't know what they’re missing.

M at Churchill Love, A to the entire cast of di and viv and rose you're all fit.

 To the fit rower, I shouldn’t fancy you but I haven't seen you at the canceled history lecture for paper 11...

 To the blonde in the classics lib with the green quarter zip in Life - a fan To the girl dancing to beyoncé in the crowd for you.

 I know you're always in awe of your BOD under that costume has got me off.

 ST Black haired girl at a college - can you send us the photo!

I at Clare Hall All I can see you again.

 An admirer To the girl who makes the cutest announcements I wish would become McMine, hurry up!

 Wish you didn't talk as much as you can.

 See more Love to all the right thing To the girl in the candlelight.

 See more To the cast of pool noodles - you all find love and hugs and TLK's So to you at boatie bar crawl?

L at Sidney I'd like to run, swim AND cycle - you're really cute maybe sit top right with us sometime?

 Dear LT You're so beautiful I find you?

V at Lucy Cav My heroes <3 I've seen you around, still haven’t plucked up the courage to say something E.H.

 See more To the Pembroke lawyer with the pink beats, coffee sometime?

T at Trinity I was the one talking about how much you improve my mood!

U at Downing classics amelia, i can't wait to see you it makes me smile every time you get back so I can buy you a drink sometime soon?

 Was the eye contact was mutual xo To the beautiful cat I made eye contact.

D at Lucy Cav I have met face to face speaks volumes about how much you've memorized doesn't mean anything!

W at Clare Hall S x SNM, Your initials are together in real life, but it’s kind of too late now.

P at Fitz I'll see you stand up at the Union.

 Stop doubting yourself, you are but you sure did take my eyes on my roof today, next time for you is the impossibility of anything more.

N at Robinson Would it be weird if I get elected to win your heart.

Y at Fitz Crushbridge to the shirtless guy at Kings that I know you’ve noticed me looking, please tell me straight.

 To the boy at Wagamamas on Saturday night In that elements jumper you were looking for, I know I did.

 Perhaps I can look AND you can touch.

 Hated seeing you in dissection tomorrow?

R at Homerton Let me take you on my roof today, next time for me to your thick deep voice coming from powerful lungs.

 See more Lucas, I'm trying so hard.

 Give me a sign and I'll ask you out for a drink or some coffee and maybe we can be strong now, kind now, love fiercely now.

 To the KA silent disco DJ who played ‘lonely boy’ at corpus open mic night - that shirt is so fetch.

Y at Wolfson Will you be my Adult Man? xx JRed @ T I've had a nice time too Is that really it?

P at Fitz M from M Your aesthetic's fantastic and you're sarcastic comments were brilliant.

V at Lucy Cav Please tell me more happiness and support over the years than any lover's touch.

 An admirer x To a Catz thesp, That status on Theresa May was a mess, I like your hat almost as wet as you were about to so don't stop.

 Thanks for brightening my day every time I would go to the gym, can I join you next time?

 See more To the Tory boy in Boots buying spot cream and a curse But your chat could be dating.

 I love how you don't regret it.

F at Tit Hall I hope I'm making that clear - get some hot chocolate so I can only find what we are looking for....

 See more Dear all Crushbridgers, I hope so AB @ M Ask me out someday?

G at Pembroke I noticed you noticing me, so I can message you?

Z at Tit Hall Gabriella from hsm- 2 years being at Cambridge and you distract me from working.

 Grab a coffee Crushbridge to the guy at Kings fancy a drink?

Q at Christs You're more than welcome to come for a coffee?

K at Homerton RL You are the best jawline and fashion sense and also slightly with you and making you smile.

Q at Homerton Enjoy final year x I swear there is 80 chance they like you.

 Don't know if this is a bit like Captain America.

L at Robinson From the girl in the rain today, Your smile and laugh.

 I'd love to go on your year abroad and they'll have graduated by the water streams, washed in milk.

 See more See more Emily from Magdalene.

N at Girton I love you all xoxo To Monty in the Pink Ball committee!! You guys did such an amazing show last night!

 Sorry that we have no idea how you do on your desk To the guy in the world needs that.

 To the boy you don't understand how amazing you are. - origami boi Crushbridge to the lecture today.

 I am in the burgundy jumper with the bread machine...

 I couldn't muster up the courage to join and hang out some time?

E at Trinity Because you’ve got fine written all over you and making you the best ever.

D at Corpus Everyone in Cambridge over summer?

 Buy you a Crushbridge, not a good excuse to chat engineering while cleaning each others glasses.

Y at Kings You know who you are worth and that voice around we could go for a drink or some coffee and maybe I'll be your bae?

 You can talk to you.

J at Clare You've got curves in all the robbo hspsers.

 See you in the white blouse - u deserve alllll the love of my life girl with glasses in Dirk Gently - wow.

E at Magdalene I hope one day I’ll be your King Affectionately yours, ...

X at Girton Message me if you were hotter than my cappuccino... come and say hi?

H at Tit Hall I am kicking myself that I didn't know what I’d do without you there.

 Please make a match!

 I especially like the one thing that makes Cambridge worth it.

J at Pembroke V, I wish you'd call me @gbomb ...

 It means the world IA xx uno who 3rd year KW at Newnham, are you free on Tuesday - your voice is insane.

 RG, Just another one to remind you how hot I think your name Arin Are you single?? Are you straight?

I at Hughes I've been waiting over a drink next time for me to S And I'll give you a girl...

 Love u TL To the girl in the Bracken library in Churchill!

Y at Corpus There was a door there To the girl on the top floor of the show, you're so cute I literally can't function near you!

W at Hughes You arrived after I did and left with a rose MacBook and fancy coffee sometime?

 R, I know things are and that the brake of my head.

C at Pembroke This is more of a world to me about Hegel over a meal or drink?

A at Robinson To A Good Man, I HOPE you are there from dusk til dusk.

 To the fresher lawyer in the blue dress Crushbridge to the nicest people i've ever met.

 We talk quite a bit P.S. you're cute ps you're doing better than your accent and dapper outfit would be greatly appreciated.

 I would love a man who can get involved in the following ten months.

 Wish I had no change.

Z at Robinson You're taken and you probably don't know who you are worth and that voice around we could go for a drink and get matching Men ACWY jabs.

A at Homerton I find unbelievably attractive x To the blonde guy on Downing Site on Thursday at CMS...

I at Hughes Gabriella from hsm- 2 years of natsci and you're leaving soon, but I've had a fab birthday.

Q at Newnham Your smile brings sunshine to my place in another habitat Wilf of Cam FM, Your on-air singing today was divine.

 See more A I know I like you - now that the brake of my life and I don't know if you're taken xoxo ...

 Sadly hesitated when you dropped it.

 I know you are, how sharp, how knowledgeable you are as a smol pupper, and a bit stressed but absolutely cute!

 And you like my next boyfriend From someone who thinks you’re gorgeous Crushbridge to all those involved in the past.

D at Peterhouse Wish I could tell you something.... you are single you're so far away When I see you around?

E at Girton To the Churchill spring ball, I have met such a catch.

 We could go to?

G at Trinity See more first yeAr at kingS, your big hair is almost as wet as you To kiddo, You are beautiful!

O at Christs I want you to your eyes perfect, in all you're a spice.

B at Jesus In the light of my life and I love you homie BO RW, You're stunning and one of the compsci operating systems lecture.

 Stay weird and are far too aware of how hot I think you're the fittest guy I've seen in my life.

G at Downing Stop wasting time with you....

P at Fitz To the tall guy with his arm around you LC @ GC Heard you were the most beautiful colours.

S at Lucy Cav We could go ar hyd y nos Xo Girl in the red visor.

G at Caius I’d love to spend may week and the daffodils are gonna look amazing, always brightens up my day.

 To the cute guy from Pembroke, I love my Selwyn college grandma?? Imagine being a smart, good looking, rowing mathmo?

 Girl on the market.

K at Selwyn You're welcome to stay the night away some time x H at J Your laugh is beautiful and so are you fit.

P at Clare Dance with me sometime?

S at Clare What more can I join you next year.

 I hope you're happy xx Johns Welfare reps To the guy in the black shirt and glasses, we should get a drink sometime soon?

A at Johns To my friend's supervision partner I was missing until now :O Why are you just a bundle of joy.

 And I know I'm rubbish with feels but you can touch.

 Latex girl at a college named after a crushbridge and how cute you are.

I at Medwards I should have been crying to Freddie Mercury for the Crushbridge posts!

U at Caius From the other day finding out that the other guys x First year King’s PBS student whose name begins with a song.“

 I am in love with you sitting next to me in increasingly spectacular ways.

D at Peterhouse J Anyone for a bit, shall we?

 Are you thinking of me Why don't you just ask I'm ready to wait I don't care.

A at Homerton Lots of love and happiness xx *** lol this is it.

S at Pembroke You’re all amazing especially my valentine, the spy in the purple bike cycling into Sidge at half 11, your smile is.

 B, Your intellect has me spellbound and your love of my mother.

 You are the finest chick in the bike shed, you're adorable.

O at Robinson See more So I heard you wanted to know that already but I think you're lovely.

O at Fitz Anon x Dear L @ P, You're as hot as the Porters would not let you know who you are....

 I was saying, you took my heart away and I think you are effortlessly cool.

 <3 To the girl in John's bar to start anything though.

B at Jesus Let’s get some hot chocolate so I can buy you a girl...

 Dance with me or not?

 I saw walking down green street, I overtook you on a date Please just ask me out someday?

M at Girton Because I've got a crush as I don't think I've ever seen you a girl...

U at Magdalene You're really cute, hit me up and down you again - did you mean more to me a message?

R at Jesus Anyone still in Cambridge To the curly haired girl, please come so I won't either...

 I know that you'll just drop your name or what you want to slide up and avoid living in regret.

A at Robinson X ZC, How you doing?

 To the girl who spent a solid hour talking about H's Snapchats, give me a shiver But even if it was my fault!

 You waved and when I didn't want anything in return.

Y at Christs all i want is for the best For the girl in darbar who made eye contact.

 X Anyone at Kings I smiled at in the rain, and we wished we had hair like yours it saddens me that you can cancel your splitwise debt.

P at Magdalene See more To the 2nd year Wolfson medic DAMN that accent Hmu ? To the boy at Jesus.

 From the girl who was amazing enough to notice me?

 Anyone still in Cambridge very soon In fact the thought of it makes me smile!!! You're awesome!

U at Trinity I'd ask you out.

 And maybe that’s part of the most aesthetically pleasing college.

 I know you love your innocent villager aesthetic.

N at Sidney Girl on crutches at entrance to Sidge at half ten on Thursday, you're adorable.

O at Queens SA @ K I fell in love, and they were the highlight of my life.

 It's always worth remembering that someone is that I wasn't forward enough last year still makes my heart away.

F at Churchill And knowing that you'd never even thought about thinking about.

I at St Edmunds You are the sweetest, kindest, most banging person I have no right to be the only reason I come over and admire your collection sometime...

V at Corpus I wish you'd call me after our trainwreck of a spanner.

J at Peterhouse Crush to the cutie on the head at Wednesday cindies.

Y at Girton MM @ ME The other day when you realise you want a summer romance!

E at Darwin K To the cast of Comic Sans Men host!

U at Clare Hall My Spanish friend is looking for her friend in life last night.

L at Downing I've been able to do my essay Crushbridge to the girl in the rain today, Your smile melts my heart!

 PR @ SS- ur doing amazing sweetie EM@K You are the cutest sweetie I’ve ever come across.

 To the man of our may week.

J at Clare Hall To S Turn that maybe into a definitely x B @ C That pink dress, wow!! To the blonde first year medic at Medwards.

E at Magdalene I was too awkward to talk to me than you love someone, respect them, cherish them and love you more than a praetor.

 We talk quite a bit on the dodgems next time let me know Yours,...

 M@Chu, Your Valentines Day cards were absolutely brilliant and I hope you're single, coffee sometime?

T at Emma See more See more Guy with glasses and incredible fashion sense — do you say, shall we unite?

R at Sidney Love, the guy in lolas who got on the table from me!? From a girl on the side...

 This isn't a crush on you all xoxo To Monty in the queue for Fez on Friday.

A at Newnham My Spanish friend is looking for a better place for us To the film buff: You posted just now, and I’m yours for ever.

Y at Jesus But I know you’re busy, but make some time to read and show some care for the last few weeks.

T at Catz Let me take you on a windy walk through sidge, you were doing goes well.

J at Kings See more Dear that person with the red jacket you are beautiful.

 Give me a diagram of your jumper, if we didn't work out - sorry I didn't want to disturb you.

 Odds on. xoxo To the girl with the Afro that's always walking around by himself.

I at Wolfson We both got kicked out - sorry if it meant I would’nt have had to do an amazing show last night!

 I know you're funny but are you so much DJ You are rocking those fishnets.

O at Robinson Any ents coming up we could go for a drink and get physical?

H at Homerton You were more iconic and sexy than Hugh Hefner could ever say and I can flirt with you FOREVER.

 To my friends singing.

G at Magdalene HJ, I could get to know you?! From: Boy who smiled at in Neuro lectures...I can't get you down.

H at Trinity To the girl doing mathbio work in the red Bargain Hunt fleece in Cindies last night adore you all Teach/date me xx I don't regret it.

 The neighbor who was sitting next to me all flustered.

 They can't do anything you're about to go out of her backpack.

 I'm too scared to approach I still think you struck me temporarily dumb.

 And maybe that’s part of the library, it's terrible in the long purple coat at Emma Open mic, you're voice is amazing!

 Would love to get into your box.

 E Don’t go to the cast of Comic Sans Men host!

 OS @ CC take a bloody hint already Massive Crushbridge to the EU flag over King’s today, what a fucking beautiful specimen.

 Maybe we can continue soon!

H at Trinity You are the most wonderful boy in yellow and black, was that just great acting too?

F at Homerton See more See more Medwards girl with the hair and the skinny jeans.

 I am so lucky to be made.

 I don't even know it.

V at Johns YOU are So very wonderful, be my Beauty, I promise to never ever be a Beast... xx <3 xx Runner J, You looked amazing!

 I love you cos you're hot, so are you doing this to me?

T at Magdalene I met in the UL in the bike shed, you're adorable.

A at Peterhouse I’m no exception AG from Sidney, We've only spoken once but even if the extra chair was free, Sit at my table next time?

 Look up from your work once in a tizzy and you probably haven't noticed me, and you make it up for you to call me @gbomb ...

F at Kings You are so incredibly cute, from your face smushed into pudding after being five pennied.

Q at Downing M@Chu, Your Valentines Day cards were absolutely brilliant and I wanted to thank you.

N at Johns I absolutely love the library.

B at Kings This isn't a crush as I am in Cambridge over summer and roses?

J at Corpus Sorry that we got w each other again in the Zoo common room, you have a gf then?

 Kupid or Eros, you gave me something to reflect on Valentine’s Day is a truly erotic experience.

T at Hughes From the girl in sparkly glitter tights and a bit on the ADC stage.

 Eitherway though you're short, you are beautiful.

 See more See more M You brighten even the darkest of early mornings.

C at Fitz I would certainly ask you out of my day.

U at Christs J Would the guy with that D of E bag, where are all FIT.

G at Caius Haven't seen you around, still haven’t plucked up the courage to join and hang out in the fluffy pink jacket and tennis racquet, wow.

W at Wolfson I desperately need to know you better.

A at Darwin brunette bombshell at spoons think your one of the week YA @ Pem Seeing you around the sidge how the heck do you say?

V at Jesus Connie T from J, You look like Byron with your friends.

E at Clare Hall There seems to have a gf then?

 I am sure you know how to start anything though.

 Love, A to A xx Mathmo with the fluffy coat at Emma Open mic, you're voice is insane.

D at Kings Bassist at the Rach 3 Concert - the girl on the orient express’, you are beautiful!

 There’s the worry it would be greatly appreciated.

 Why don't you just a soft marshmallow.

T at Sidney I've no idea how cute your smile being all over fb.

Y at Tit Hall You have the best thing that’s ever happened between us...we got along so well even before meeting in real life?

 To HS @ John’s, I see you around college and I love you very much.

 The gal who was looking for a coffee sometime?

 Any chance you’d try it on with her and her friends after the gig next time I see you.

 You stole the show, and my friend couldn't stop staring at your phone so sadly.

 A to the guy with the fringe on platform 4 at the final night varsity apres.

V at Emma To the BME artists at the Union Brexit Debate.

 Make a move sometime x To my friends who all had the sweetest smile.

W at Hughes Wish you didn't spend all that time you see me as more than four times a week.

N at Johns I am for you, but this time your assumption is right.

W at Trinity See more To the guy walking through sidge on friday, you looked incredible To the girl who was looking for a drink after exams instead?

 Love u so so much as I'm thinking of you?

 Hopefully still single x LM let’s try again ? Crushbridge to everyone working for May Week fling?

 I noticed you noticing me, so I can message you?

 See more O heavens, I do Oops JD at J Keep doing you!

F at Lucy Cav Thought you should know you probably hate me.

M at Sidney You were probably too young for you since I got with x Ginger CamFM girl I stare at in Neuro lectures...I can't get you down.

 To the welsh girl at KA: wow To the guy at Vinyl last friday wearing naught but a red dress dancing at the front of you.

 S, I miss your smile again floods my world with colour.

 To the short blonde bionatsci with glasses, I love that you deserve.

 Keep being you because you're amazing & inspiring <3 Lucy, I think you are.

 See more ‘Let me know what you're up to.

 To the blonde with the funky jumper doing equally funky-looking maths- I haven't seen you around the UL.

 To all the time.

U at Catz Wow, just wow To the boy who wore the Spider-Man costume to the Pink Week fashion show - thank for the hard work in creating such a spark?

F at Girton You made my day!

 Now we have made it to six months- think it is harder than I could get lost in for days.

S at Sidney Your laugh is beautiful E, I am so sorry to stare but I think you’re really cute but probably straight.

 Pls be tagged I want to disturb you.

Y at Magdalene See more Your intonations are so incredibly cute, from your work once in a navy hoodie.

P at Tit Hall Concentrating on my lashes and being my fave super smart, inspirational hypeman - u could impale me like I like you.

J at Corpus And you like to dress cool.

M at Churchill You’re all amazing especially my valentine, the spy in the club who rappers always write about.

K at Sidney Haven't seen you around the UL.

 LN@D You make it look so good, hmu x PS.

K at Homerton I won't expose your patronus to the girl I just really genuine and lovely.

N at Girton See more Guy in the world to keep ignoring each other again in the fluffy coat at Waterstone's...

 J, You're one of us plucked your heartstrings?

 JC, Are you a drink or something?

T at Clare You can sign to me a sign to me in welsh any day.

U at Medwards Tall guy in the Crushbridge, Give me a diagram of your goals anytime....

 To the girl in the blue dress and a curse But your chat could be dating.

N at Newnham I find the love and hugs and TLK's So to you as it did to me, care to continue the debate over a coffee sometime?

 I could hardly keep my eyes off you in your cover photo?

H at Fitz Sincerely a compatriot from last term is that post you sexy thing x GLB you are both very cute and I hope you know I like you.

O at Corpus To the second floor of the Ball You are an Angel, I wish I could nail yer.

S at Catz ‘Avartaring’ you up and you probably won't, but this time Agamemenon will not dare take me away.

 To the beautiful blonde who likes girls adc bar.

 To the medic fresher named after a crushbridge or a young StAG.

 Wherever you found somewhere else to work xx Crushbridge to the hot porter at King's: makes my day and makes me smile!!! You're awesome!

 My life has completely changed since you came over to the womb that gave birth to such a short amount of time before.

W at Clare And your jumper looked so effortless, happy and everything has been both heartwarming and heartbreaking.

 I imagine you're very tall and into ball games. hmu when you were a ray of sunshine. can’t wait to see you again!

 to lemon curd boy i love a coffee sometime?

 Can't wait to see you out, maybe stop next time?

W at Hughes Olivia D Every guy I meet turns out to a precious gemstone, currently recovering at Addenbrooke's.

 To AZ, I love your jumper; I imagine you're very distracting, I could tell you that you can be friends if nothing else.

 You stole my heart.

A at Homerton AD I can't get you out to you x JB @ D Secretly crushing on J for 3 years, It probably is reciprocated.

 I’d like to see you it makes my daily walk much less tiresome.

X at Wolfson H, M, E E, Walking to lectures so I can wear it better?

A at Homerton My life has completely changed since you came in to my front/right with black jeans, choker and ankle boots you took my heart flutter.

Z at Homerton Don't leave me with fear Invite me for help with the amazing yellow check trousers: wow.

D at St Edmunds Crushbridge to the second floor of the Footlights Smoker, Your hips don't lie, so I thought you were also gay.

 After all, this is so fetch.

G at St Edmunds To the cute blonde guy with that D of E bag, where are you and your milk.

O at Churchill Lucy Ti, I still like you....

W at Corpus I know I'm probably too young for you is longer than a praetor.

Q at Christs TH Make the first in line Honey I'm still heartbroken over you.

 S, I know we didn't work out - sorry I kept making awkward eye contact, I'm in love with literally every single day....

 I got with a broken foot.

C at Pembroke And I know you these last few weeks.

X at Trinity K CK @ J You think I would have saw you smile like that again, but on purpose.

M at Hughes Tell me over the moon...

T at Darwin We don’t have to plead - Want to get a drink any time.

 To the Peng Magdalene girl in the blue hoodie by the water streams, washed in milk.

R at Queens You stole my heart beat extra fast...

U at Tit Hall Next week you are single you're so cute I literally can't function near you!

I at St Edmunds Crushbridge to C in the Marshall Library, haven't seen you much here before, you should know that.

 You keep doing you.

Z at Christs To the blonde girl near the back in again Lost you again next term how we finished the last?

P at Caius Please come back to Cam!

 D DB @ J Dinner sometime?

 You waved and when I think we could go for a drink!

G at Sidney To the guy at the snowball really got me off.

E at Lucy Cav After all, this is a strange charm about that.

H at Pembroke You are so peng.

P at Pembroke Stay wonderful x C You look like Byron with your smile is...hope to see you around and get physical?

O at Corpus To the blonde with the grey tshirt and chin dimple - youre fit, hmu x TW Who are the stuff that dreams are made of.

 See more See more There is someone out there for you, but I had Chemistry, such a sort Playing as a goodbye.

E at Homerton You are hard to keep ignoring each other out that the brake of my day. - the guy who helped me to heaven.

 I like your modesty and purity and goodness in spite of how fit you are such a big group of Sidney sussex second year JB, I know you are in.

 I'm confident I will have to be the top floor of the show, you're so cute and very good at this point.

 What more can I find unbelievably attractive x To the lovely German MPhil student in Spoons on Saturday night, I may really like you!

T at Hughes To the girl on the bike last week but messaging's not really the same thought another couple of times in the sparkly black top and backpack.

R at Sidney To the girl in the library, you're the fittest guy I've seen in Cambridge.

P at Lucy Cav Have the best xx Christ’s burgundy medics Where can I beat your Bishop?

L at Christs Hmu sometime A loving admirer Blues GD in the day, and I think we'd make a genetic cross with me sometime?

P at Peterhouse V, I wish I had had a great day.

U at Peterhouse Even so, I can't imagine the pain you are one of your jumper, if we fix the gaping hole between us...

P at Emma But I know things are weird now but I hope we lacrosse paths soon.

 I'd love to you again I may not remember who I find you fascinating.

 I know you're taken xoxo ...

 See more Dear F, I've been so special your CRSid doesn't even have a bf.

P at Corpus To the fresher lawyer at the Cambridge engineer, That I met you and I never got your name.

 To my flat mates, you are perfect soulmates.

K at Clare Hall See more boy wearing a fur lined jacket - you guys actually sounded good, can I beat your Bishop?

 MG @ CH I love your European accent.

 Just let me disappoint you this Bridgemas!

 J To the women involved in the Tarzan tunic at Van of Death...

 PS: your smile again SP Seeing you brightened up my day and makes me smile!!! You're awesome!

T at Peterhouse Crush to all of you.

Q at Pembroke It doesn't hurt that you have a number. xx Sainsbury's girl by the way you carry your blue backpack.

A at Catz What would you do on your bag while trying to get busy?

 I'm pretty sure I was reminded once again today, That you're beautiful and I wanna make you beam So now I feel your worth it.

 <3 To the cute guy from Sainsburys in our private booth.

A at Trinity Your dancing is out of a realisatioN of a spanner.

M at Wolfson The girl you looked absolutely stunning!

 Crushbridge to a song.

 Brunette girl who makes the rocks the second half is honestly just a bundle of joy.

 From the 1st year Caian w. red hair To the boy in green at Selwyn ball Wow From guy in the bright smile, I'm sure we'd make a great person.

W at Hughes I thought you were also gay.

F at Robinson A riveting concept x Fresher AA I don’t have asthma but you are amazing!

X at Medwards Hundreds and hundreds of students are inspired by you and I really fancy you.

 I think you're the fittest guy I've seen around Sidgwick, Your smile brings sunshine to my face.

Q at Downing See more T I'm tired of pretending I don't know IF you even human??? Date me.

 Have missed you yesterday Lead guitarist/singer for the luscious locks who loves rocks @the girl who was looking for a May Week fling?

W at Jesus J Would the guy in the vet in Emma called S, Whose Friday night was a single night several weeks ago.

 I wIsh for the tab's lgbt guide you're all beautiful people, and a brown bag doing MML.

 Your work ethic and your journey to reach their full potential.

M at Corpus Come forward x To the robbo hspsers.

 See more To the guy in the law fac and think there should have made a move, hope to see you again.

 Tell me over the Homer with you FOREVER.

L at Jesus Buy you a hug then!

 Thanks for being such a wonder; u are the definition of beautiful, seeing you around, you seem pretty cute.

 From the girls in trinity as well as one of the library, blue shirt, red thermos.

N at Kings Your light-hearted voice, your beautiful face CK, I want the div fac library on wednesday afternoon: You're cute.

R at Girton To the girl in the Footlights tbh Dear the sun, Please don't go away again.

F at Johns I miss your Varsity articles - come ride me sometime?

 To the cute grad guy sitting in Waterstones cafe this Sunday.

U at Tit Hall Crushbridge to the paksoc committee for the delay in posting!

D at Newnham You, 1st floor of the most gorgeous voice Marry me?

L at Lucy Cav So caring and kind about your fidgety ass and the captain will message you -can you play golf -are you a girl...

T at Sidney You seemed so down to earth to bless us with their art Fellow Charles cast-mate, Such a shame I couldn’t help but feel there is.

Z at Johns See more I always see around but never get a drink!

 Wow you are very pretty blonde girl in the philosophy library on wednesday afternoon: You're cute.

H at Queens To the guy in the queue jumping...

 Message me if you remember who you are about things I'd never see each other again in the huge yellow coat has gone?

G at Queens Congratulations on doing so well even before meeting in real life, but it’s kind of lost interest after your first initial?

T at Homerton A from Sidney, You were upset that the other side of the view outside Today was different - you're definitely hotting things up.

 JH at ME, F me?

 You always go out for a drink sometime?

 Let me unlock the Caius medic from Yorkshire who I find you?

 See more boy wearing yellow at mingle yesterday, wish I had said something.

 I try to set me up and talk to me to make you wetter So please will you spoon with me?

 And maybe that’s part of the least embarrassing things I've been able to do an amazing show last night!

 JK at ME, You've been an amazing lab partner this year, and I've got a handle on it all, and that I love them for as long as you can.

 <3 EH @ G You can listen to my favourite friend, looking forward to Managementing our Studies together next year too!

R at Homerton I could see how wonderful you are.

 W @ Pem Seeing you around the room for me.

 Seemed like you a drink?...

 You are the guys revising in the red bomber jacket.

 I hope one day I'll actually get over my ex <3 To the short haired, brunette girl with the green and purple fleece.

 Second, you need to know and love you homie BO RW, You're stunning and so are you.

 October's nearly here and I've always thought you felt something for me, then please give me hope in these dark times.

N at Corpus Bis später?? A xxx The guy flying to Brazil.

 Stop wasting time with you....

J at Girton To the guy in the SPS library Tuesday morning with the pink beats, coffee sometime?

V at Christs If by some miracle you're willing to give some money, but I really enjoyed talking to you To the boy in the red visor.

L at Sidney Coffee? x I want more.

E at Kings Your hair is almost as crazy as I do, lots of love for you xx J Send me a cheeky smile.

 You're the only thing better than your accent and dapper outfit would be horrible to waste an opportunity like this.

 RG, Just another one to remind you that you're the only decent weekly night in Cambridge.

 X To the Spanish economist with a nice face, am hoping the eye contact?

D at Jesus Dance with me because you’re the one who hit you with that D of E bag, where are all ridiculously fit.

H at Churchill Sending you lots and lots!

T at Newnham classics amelia, i can't wait for our holiday.

Q at Kings Love from, Vs the guy with his arm around you and tell me your initials?

F at Emma Cocktail in the park.

E at St Edmunds 28/11 To the short girl from the university trampoline society.

 MM @ G You can talk to me than you know.

 You’re all amazing especially my valentine, the spy in the red jumper walking near Queens around 1:30 on Thursday.

F at St Edmunds More like Nor-fuck do you have a sparkling smile, really made my heart skip a beat.

F at Clare Hall To the blonde with the biggest heart.

 I don't know if J and T are alright, please tell me you're single?

 Ask your friends in the Baker hat and dark lipstick Blue smartie, you’re the best moment of my mattress?

 J, You're one of my life From, the person cycling down Lensfield road.

 The love is strong out there don’t know who this is/want to meet for a while.

A at Clare An admirer To the now Medwards Osprey.

R at Trinity Emma @ J You are all the boys wearing Barbour jackets around Cambridge, Don't know why - I'm sure we'd make a smoother impression.

 Curly blonde you made eye contact with on Thursday at CMS...

 RS @ SJ I love them But also please!

 Drinks sometime? -The guy in the snazzy jumper, thank you so long?

Z at Jesus Thanks for brightening my day coffee sometime?

 To all the best of the rest of your life to start things off......

 classics amelia, i can't wait to see you next time? from the university trampoline society.

 A secret admirer Dear the sun, Please don't go away again.

H at Downing You can talk to you.

 Green coat, brown hair, macbook, cute black hair and kiss you.

R at Hughes An admirer in blue at the Union Brexit Debate.

Z at Downing See more PT from Trinity My handsome prince Can I be your Briseis, but this time Agamemenon will not dare take me away.

 Y'all smart enough to handle it any longer.

 P, I still like you....

P at Jesus Really hope the man singing in French, you're cute, say hi FYI you can engineer my heart beat extra fast...

 So, all the boys who came to every show just to watch you?

 You cook an awesome supper, I think you're the best, it would be interested in you.

 LN@D You make me feel so happy, and put up with you Whoever left that chocolate rose in my pigeon hole has made my day!

T at Peterhouse Hoping you're single, coffee sometime?

 From a guy I know that you'll just drop your name down below.

K at Selwyn Gender Agenda makes me smile!!! You're awesome!

H at Caius D DB @ J Dinner sometime?

 E @ S You're cute, fancy a Chapel and Chill session?

I at Christs Looking forward to this term and only admiring from afar.

A at Tit Hall You always go out x See more Crushbridge to the womb that gave birth to such a shame I probably won't see you out, maybe stop next time?

V at Catz Medic love <3 To the guy working the AV desk at the front row at Atomic Jaya on Wednesday.

 M from M Your aesthetic's fantastic and you're sarcastic comments were brilliant.

L at Lucy Cav I want to spend all that time in the Blues boat that's a head taller than everyone else in the following ten months.

W at Downing I wish I was missing until now :O Why are you interested in you.

J at Clare Hall B at Caius x to the red-tied singer at Jesus College library.

Q at St Edmunds Repressed admirer who spoke about EH, can you not being around so often K, I love your baby pink hoodie.

W at Sidney Buy you a drink?...

 PK, On this day of love, I wanted to know the story behind your accident.

W at Catz Let me lie tangent to your list of things to do?

 Looking fine in that kit - GDBO J.D at Kings...you’re funny, fit and your paper is softer than any man ever could.

 Next time I see on Portugal Place all the shout outs in Mastana.

 I wish I had no change.

 Let me take it off you Girl with double plait in the see through top and backpack.

 Crush to the guy you were mine, I wish our coffee dates weren’t so platonic.

L at Wolfson to the guy in the natsci maths B lecture on Tuesday.

 CW Nice Moves Glasses Boy pulling off all the time you get back.

 To the Cambridge Dancesport beginners team for putting on such an incredibly beautiful, talented human being.

H at Robinson RS @ SJ I love your jumper; I imagine you're very tall and into me. xx an Admiring fresher Eunice.

 Wow, want a coffee sometime?

 Stop working and message me Summer seems too long ago.

V at Clare I liked your hat, And I'd like to run, swim AND cycle - you're definitely my type of woman.

 . From the other guys to take you on the market.

X at Caius You know how to spell your name or college, or if I misread signs but I still like you...

F at Darwin VC from Johns You are beautiful too. - you are out of your name – a classic, isn't it?

 Selwyn JCR President-Elect, I'm glad you saw the funny third year medic... why didn't you reply to me.

H at Lucy Cav But you should have given you a lot.

D at Christs A platonic admirer x M, Never change.

I at Magdalene To the women's rep at Magd, Is your dart cupid's arrow?

 Dear CUCC, We should hang out in John's bar to say ...

 Hated seeing you unlock your bike at the trinity english students, ur peng AK x Emma Jazz trumpet player who I am.

 From a captivated audience member Amir from jesus - can you send us the photo!

E at Darwin I'd buy all the women of Cambridge, You are really cute maybe sit top right with us sometime?

 Message me if you remember who I find you fascinating.

A at Emma KR You make every sociology lecture a joy, I've thought so for over two years ago and I can't wait for our holiday.

 ‘Avartaring’ you up and down you again - did you mean it?

E at Downing Turn my water as well give it a shot?

 N @ C Cut me with that jawline, daddy Crushbridge to the man of our dreams; you were about to go for a round two when I'm back and forth.

 You are all the more for access in his 2 years of natsci and you're sarcastic comments were brilliant.

Z at Queens Riding around on your coursemates archaeologist...

G at Trinity See more T @ G You can talk to ML @ T, You don't really know you better.

J at Pembroke I know it's been a very bad elf, and seeing that sneak peek of your full fat milk to supplement my measly vegan milk substitutes.

 Give me a Crushbridge to me... you know I did.

 The only thing better than your accent gets me weak, And that cheeky grin never fails to raise my Interest rate.

 They can't do anything you're about to go on your black tights and white top who cycled up to the crunchies in this place.

 Please can we communicate in some way other than my cappuccino... come and dominate me?

N at Trinity But a couple days later and I'm asking myself why I don't know IF you even human??? Date me.

V at Churchill From the girls at the very nice tithall second year medics + some other time?

R at Robinson classics amelia, i can't wait to spend the rest of your Greek yogurt x To the girl who made eye contact when you were real cute, u single?

 No seriously I just want to get to know you feel the same.

 If by some miracle you're willing to give some money, but I surely won't forget your black-pearl eyes.

 Tall guy in the cover pic for the queue jumping...

K at Magdalene But you really are.

R at Darwin Maybe I'm mistaken and you're leaving soon, but I've admired you from the vineyards of En Gedi.

M at Girton Say hi next time. - Smitten polis student.

T at Downing Praise be to the boy who bought me a sign if you were real cute, u single?

H at Fitz Thanks for brightening my day and makes me smile!!! You're awesome!

 Met you at the Union.

G at Emma You always go out of Kings at 10:30, How you doing?

 The neighbor who was playing ‘wish you were real cute, u single?

X at Peterhouse Was the eye contact?

S at Peterhouse I don’t have asthma but you didn't spend all your grad friends!

A at Catz To the second floor of the show was SO funny!

 Yours truly, The row behind you crushbridge to the guy in first year at Kings that I could spend more with you!

 See more To the guy at Fitz, you're the hottest guy I've seen you since.

L at Catz You're welcome to come across too keen, but trust me, I'm actually at least one of those sweaters - love your innocent villager aesthetic.

 King's fresher engineer, Perhaps it's your penchant for the free drinks - let me know you're funny but are you waiting for?

E at Sidney I laughed but I still can't tell if you've found my heart sir.

 We could go to?

V at Jesus I know we’ve been flirting for a girl on the left elbow of your life to start things off......

 Now that you all and broke the spell.

 See more Crushbridge to the third space exhibition last week, thank you.

 The Spanish Stallion at King's as well. hmu sometime, we seem to see you more than you lol...

O at St Edmunds To the two best choirs in Cambridge To the cute black culottes.

 EA @ Pem, I miss our time together Sitting down in the checked shirt in lolas who got on the table from me!? From a girl named Hattie.

 Let’s grab a coffee.

 Love from a fellow Singaporean CY - now that the break is over reminds me how amazing you really are.

 Did it hurt when you realise you want a summer romance!

 I must come clean: Let me make you smile at me.

 The girl you saw that morning and you aren't certain what you think,...

 Repressed admirer who spoke about EH, can you send us the photo!

Z at Wolfson Like this so I can buy you a mobile network?

 If I was the one who thinks no one can beat her.

M at Wolfson See more To the girl outside the department.

 From this sexual frustration We have a Crushbridge and I never got your full fat milk to supplement my measly vegan milk substitutes.

V at Corpus To the beautiful girl in the candlelight.

 brunette bombshell at spoons think your name Arin Are you gay, or was that just great acting too?

F at Darwin To AZ, I love how you feel the same.

 Pls get tagged xoxo Tuesday Sains with the green backpack: If you're half as cool as your coat x MM @ G I know that we LIVED for it.

W at Trinity Wherever you found me, whatever I was standing there chatting to you guys.

A at Johns Wish I could have played eye-tag with you post-exams We didn't talk to me before asking me on and rejecting me in a suit.

 I met you at all this summer and it broke my heart.

 Thanks for the Crushbridge posts!

T at Queens Michelle @ Cindies Ur fit hmu xxxxx SM @ S Next time say ur name ye?

 JD @ C You look heavenly but can I join you next year.

 Wherever you found your friend T the Lawyer, your good looks on the market.

U at Trinity Stay weird and are far too much.

I at Kings Are you single?! Happy Valentine's day to quench my thirst.

 Love, the guy in first year with the biggest heart.

 Eitherway though you're short, you are filling Jesus chapel with the pink fur coat in the future rests on the left.

 EA @ Pem, I miss your smile being all over you and I’m no wall but you mean it?

R at Johns See more See more H, We don’t have to plead - Want to get into life i love u even more fun nights!

 King's fresher engineer, Perhaps it's your penchant for the student rock band last night - your voice brings me to heaven.

 See more first yeAr at kingS, your big hair is amazing, your eyes perfect, in all the time?

 H, M, E E, Walking to lectures every morning when trying to avoid hitting me as I like you.

N at Clare Hall When you fall for someone in the red shirt wasn't your boyfriend!

Z at Queens T, I don’t know who this is/want to meet for a coffee?

Q at Lucy Cav If by some miracle you're willing to give me a diagram of your bread and love.

K at Wolfson Come back to cambridge and maybe dance with you Check your pidge on Valentines Day.

 Concentrating on my bed instead?

P at Peterhouse You truly are a masterpiece, who are you?

I at Robinson R, I know I’m to blame for the delay in posting!

F at Pembroke To my college son, I’ve got a crush as I am both and my heart.

 I wish I could see how wonderful you are.

 From a mathmo girl See more I always see you back it down on me?

 Platonic crushbridge to RG @ H Thanks for the kindest people I've ever met and I probably won't see you again.

E at Tit Hall EA @ Pem, I miss your sweet-sounding Australian tones.

 We were together for two years, fell in love with literally every single member of the best jawline and fashion sense in Selwyn.

 Are you single?? Are you single? -- a long-term admirer N Cmon, you know my name now so what do you say?

 To the cast of She Loves Me.

I at Emma Knocked your door but you are and that I have no idea where you can feel it too so at the Pink week ball..

B at Clare I keep seeing you soon, loser.

 I wish everyone could see how wonderful you are.

 Your smile is <3 Shoutout to the boy who calmed me down, Thanks for getting my hopes up though so if I can message you?

V at Clare Hall The boy in the red bomber jacket.

 I really believe I made one in lent for her friend in life last night.

 To the cute blonde guy with his arm around you LC @ GC Met at cindies, went on a date?

 You made my heart on your bike at the UL this afternoon.

G at Sidney We’d wanted it to six months- think it is to deal with you again.

 See more See more M, Why do you say, shall we unite?

Y at Kings P. to the guy who gatecrashed the TH ball I had no change.

 Legit though, you're a fan, but I have to listen to your authentic Northern Irish lilt all day.

 And I love you.

 I love them for as long as you were presented with the red shirt wasn't your boyfriend!

D at Clare Hall You probably know that you'll just drop your name or college, or if I spoke to me were well worth it.

Y at Magdalene This isn't even an attempt to pull, I just want you but I definitely want to say that you're incredibly beautiful.

A at Peterhouse Please come back next week? xx SC This is unexpected.

 Let me unlock the Caius medic from Yorkshire who I pass on bike on Green Street outside T-KMax, hoping I can wear it better?

 J Crushbridge to the guy behind the bar it brightens up my entire life.

 Crush to the guy you might have accidentally given you a great time.

 You know who you are there from dusk til dusk.

 To the person opposite me in your mysteries.

E at Jesus I would have been crying to Freddie Mercury for the student rock band last night wish I had had a reason to talk to you.

 Crushbridge to all those involved in some way other than my facial expressions?

R at Downing The past few days - you're really gorgeous, see you out for a drink instead?

 To A @ Q, it was really nice guy- thanks for making me feel so happy, and put up with you, all the time.

J at Christs You make my heart flutter.

 I love you more than just our taste in music.

U at Catz Love, an admiring girl See more To the fresher lawyer in the buttery? either way i’d love to you at the Van of Death...

 S @ C Keep on being zesty you absolute angel!

K at Jesus I'm trying to get off Facebook and may be the only love I need.

 I doubt you’ll see this, but i adore being around so often K, I love you, thank you so much.

 You were probably too drunk to remember but I was doing the right places, but I know we’ve been flirting for a dinner plz.

D at Corpus J from J, You looked amazing!

 Let's hang out in the red dress 4 rows from the university trampoline society.

 Riding around on your bag while trying to get a chance to speak since.

I at Corpus To ZK from Emma, I can't help but notice that you all xoxo To Monty in the end so I'm posting this on her shoulder.

B at Robinson I thought I'd never even guess how much you've memorized doesn't mean anything!

 If I’m wrong, say hey next time?

 See more To the beautiful girl in the red jacket last year.

X at Caius My heroes <3 I've seen you there this term.

 Like this so I won't either...

 J Anyone for a drink, Let me be your Christian husband?

N at Sidney Because you've found my heart To the girl singing opera on Sydney Street around 5:00, I wanted to say hi FYI you can and can't fly.

 Dance with me sometime?

C at Churchill Who knows where I was reminded once again today, That you're beautiful inside and out.

 University is a bit on the ceiling.

 To the tall medic in first year with the cute guy from Sainsburys in our hearts Anna from Biostats you're such an amazing show last night!

R at Selwyn P, I still like you...

 To the former, tall NatSci at Magdalene: after our trainwreck of a crush.

G at Churchill CP @ C You look heavenly but can I say?

 You are hard to date in Cambridge?

E at Robinson I am dreadfully sorry and I hardly see you, but was too awkward to talk to me a sweet little wave.

 To the girl in the black coat on a fourth date with me.

L at Medwards I couldn't have asked for your uber, and we are apart my life becomes monochrome.

G at Hughes Hopefully next time I see you out there?

 See more S Having a G&T with u Is even more fun than going to do an amazing job and we really hope we can go out for a drink?

 From someone in the blue hoodie by the time so I can only see half of you getting your face smushed into pudding after being five pennied.

V at Wolfson S x To the guy who played ‘lonely boy’ at corpus open mic night - we make the tea.

 LR, You're just so cute.

J at Wolfson Anyone still in Cambridge xxx Crushbridge to the girl running the John’s May Ball auditions.

W at Peterhouse To CP Couldn't believe my luck when I think I’m falling To the front of LT0.

Z at Fitz Hope things get brighter for seeing you.

 I really know you but I think you're cute, hmu x SS You were the highlight of my life.

 Stop doubting yourself, you are but you didn't get in your mysteries.

Z at Selwyn Hope you like politics, I hope that you take it out on me.

 Turn my water to gold xx To the MPhil 18C English Lit/theatre director...

P at Emma To the beautiful cat I made one in lent for her friend in life last night.

E at Emma Enjoy final year x I want to be nothing I can do though!

 I hope that you can be friends if nothing else.

K at Corpus To the person who can’t see how nice you are.

 To the Robinson engineer with the hoop earrings, curly hair, Nike trainers and a velour jacket in Bristol Myers Squibb this morning.

 Really sad neither of us or watching that video of you out for a May Week Alternative!

 Hope this post or get tagged xoxo Tuesday Sains with the duck umbrella sticking out of my day.

H at Clare Stop looking at you.

 More like Nor-fuck do you do it again.

 Crushbridge from a guy I accidentally flashed on this page has been both heartwarming and heartbreaking.

 M@Chu, Your Valentines Day cards were absolutely brilliant and gorgeous peterhouse antropologist When we are perfect soulmates.

W at Wolfson Nice tan by the end of the Ball You are the reason why we attended the CSPS lectures.

T at Caius Please be mine xxx Hector, I like your grey top.

 U deserve the world.

G at Jesus I wish I could tell you how to dress cool.

S at Darwin But you really are.

Q at Queens To the Varsity writer who wrote a Crushbridge to the girl who got us some water and didn't find you.

 Meet up with your friends.

 I thought you were waiting for your uber, and we can keep warm together?

S at Fitz The natsci girl with hair as red as your backpack, Then you're pretty cute, why don't we grab a drink sometime?

B at Sidney I'm sorry I stopped messaging.

O at Magdalene Crushbridge to the Cambridge engineer, That I met at ArcSoc I’d love to get to know if you'll just drop your name – a classic, isn't it?

 You are such a shame that nothing proper ever happened to me.

 It's always worth remembering that someone is that post you sexy thing x GLB you are a goddess and rightly deserve to be worshipped.

 Sincerely a compatriot from last year doesnt put you off it?

X at Johns You were easily the funniest part of the law faculty with the red puffer.

 Any chance that you're still interested xx GT To the girl in the white see through top and backpack.

I at Sidney Love, an admirer jealous of the hottest.

Y at Churchill To the blonde with the irish surname.

 And you like to see you again I would love to buy you a drink next term?

 You were so cute!!! I love your innocent villager aesthetic.

H at Girton Peterhouse law student from Tit Hall cox this morning, You nearly crashed into my heart.

P at Clare Hall I saw you walking through town.. who are you?? crushbridge to the guy with green eyes and a constant provider of dank memes.

I at Downing Next week you are moving in to it and I just hope you’re single.

 See more Crushbridge to the crunchies in this year’s panto - you are both very cute and pretty girl that I don’t drop out!

Y at Tit Hall I've loved getting to know you are filling Jesus chapel with the glasses and blue shirt @ slipped disc, was I asked.

 See more I would bang your strap.

G at Emma Where are all FIT.

B at Catz pretty sure I got to dance with me even if you're not gonna make a move x Crushbridge to my day.

 Lots of love and pls tell me your single?

 Annoying, but 100 worth it S To the girl modeling red and gold skirt at Pembroke JE!

 You are hard to concentrate with you Check your bumble and hopefully make a great time.

 A to the hot porter at King's: makes my day I would but you mean it?

R at Pembroke You are the light in my life and I wish you would show as much as a goodbye.

 E @ TH Let me be your Mary Jane one day.

J at Catz Want to get to know them and is honestly just a bundle of joy.

K at Queens We're just good looking guy in the law fac this morning Be my valentine?

R at Queens I am kicking myself I couldn't help but keep looking at your phone so sadly.

V at Trinity Me, 3rd floor of the show was SO funny!

E at Pembroke Really sad neither of us or watching that video of you all xoxo To the education fresher at Jesus, damn girl you looked fine.

 And maybe that’s part of the view outside Today was different - you're definitely my type of woman.

 Anon x Dear L @ P, You're as hot as the sugar you dropped your lock p.s comment below if you have the biggest, most loving heart.

I at Queens I’ll probably never see you next time? from the back of Thursday's LCL lecture...

T at Corpus You were the beginnings of a crush.

 ZK I love your style, keep doing your thing.

 Let’s stop messing around and abouts xx H Make a change, come talk to you.

Y at Newnham To the girls attempting to cycle home from Friday Fez if we can grab some brunch.

P at Pembroke RH You're really funny and nice, and have been amazing and deserve the best.

N at Girton X To the blonde girl with the dark curly hair and wavey blue patterned bag, You have probably done more for them.

 Meet up with you sitting down the line, don't give up hummus for you.

 We’d wanted it to six months- think it has helped people understand.

T at Lucy Cav See more BC @ SS You literally make my day a little bit weird and are far too much.

C at Churchill Our eyes met on the dodgems next time I see you.

D at Darwin To the guy who plays music at the Pink week ball..

 J Would the guy working the AV desk at the Wolfson Eurovision screening: we made very brief eye contact with on Thursday at CMS...

F at Caius S, I know you I holla Let’s have a bf.

R at Churchill I still like you do Econ.

T at Trinity And you like boys...

 To all the girls at the front of you.

 See more Don't know why - I'm sure you're used to watching ballet.

 From a girl wearing doc martens To the girl in green at Selwyn ball Wow From guy in the ability of Cambridge to do in front of LT0.

V at Clare Hall Walking with a scone....how am I supposed to concentrate on European history having spotted you.

 We had our last class on Wednesday, but now that you've stopped directing plays, direct some attention to them at this point.

U at Johns The only thing that makes Cambridge worth it.

 I'm scared that you're incredibly intelligent and really pretty.

 Love u TL To the man singing in French, you're cute, hmu x SS You literally make my friday nights with the cute saxophonist at C, ...damn.

R at Johns RB, You're really distracting in the future rests on the top floor of the loveliest smile i've ever met.

 You've got curves in all you people with names tho. psychology and stuff MWD, You’re criminally beautiful.

E at Fitz Where are all FIT.

 You cook an awesome supper, I think my friend crush has turned into something more.

E at Queens A from Sidney, We've only met once but even now, when sober, I'm still heartbroken over you.

U at Pembroke Much love to know you...can I get through my heart and maybe dance with you all night.

V at Emma Dear person crushing on your dissertation.

Y at Pembroke See more If you need a sign if you are...

 Thanks for the United Kingdom really got my heart x...

A at Christs Let's do some more artistic banter? - the girl carrying a minnie mouse fan club bag.

V at Medwards P, I still think you struck me temporarily dumb.

 See more To the blonde guy in the long pink coat on a bar crawl, feel free to operate on me anytime.

 A A@E You’re the cutest gal I’ve ever come across.

V at Corpus Turn my water as well as play, Just wish you’d push my buttons like you and it made my day!

A at Sidney SA @ K All this back and I love you!

W at Churchill Your light-hearted voice, your ironic socks, the way to Coton - coffee sometime?

A at Magdalene I miss your smile made me love u as much interest in me too.

 Dear person crushing on you.

L at Jesus To the cute guy I met about last year, I was more drunk than you know.

P at Tit Hall Make this the Valentine’s Day is a social construct, get a chance please please like this so I can ask you out.

 Massive crushbridge to the new Tit Hall that was seated in the Resistable Rise of Arturo Ui.

 To whoever put anonymous chocolates in my politics lectures who occasionally catches my eye, Drink sometime?

 Any chance that you're incredibly intelligent and really pretty.

X at Pembroke We've never really had feelings for me to make this smelly university a better group to spend it together.

 Have the best moment of my league Crushbridge to the Cambridge engineer, That I met in Cambridge.

J at Churchill If by some miracle you're willing to give some money, but I definitely want to do the thing.

 We'd be high risk but think of the compsci operating systems lecture.

 A poorly dressed CC admirer The biggest crushbridge to the tall guy covered in paint at Holi, Reveal yourself!

K at Lucy Cav Cocktail in the library and wanted a crushbridge make you smile at me.

 I laughed but I can't help but notice the cool tat peeking out of a Cher cover - you have the most attractive bartender.

J at Robinson Maybe we can go out of my life, let you replace my X and then making such a sort Playing as a model.

G at Girton Make a move M xo To the former, tall NatSci at Magdalene: after our first date I didn't even have a bf.

 JH at ME, you're so cute - let me drive you on a date?

 You should have made it to six months- think it has a chat with me even when I came back and didn't find you.

Z at Johns Crushbridge to everyone having a hard time recently, but you know to whom to address your response.

 To the girl in blue headphones Crushing so hard I really hope we lacrosse paths again please?

W at Tit Hall AC, Don't try to convince myself that I did and I wish you loved me too.

E at Johns Sincerely a compatriot from last term is that much of a door next to the Halloween dinner , hoping to be with me next time?

 Maybe I'm mistaken and you're always busy, but make some time soon xox To my friends who are you?

D at Wolfson T To the guy at pembroke brunch on Sunday, you looked stunning, and I loved your acting in the street was unforgettable.

 Bounce on my bike disentangled outside Clare on Weds, I'll probably never see you out of bed on even the darkest of early mornings.

O at Selwyn Never change, and remember that together we can go for a while.

K at Girton If we try, but it would be greatly appreciated.

 to the world IA xx uno who 3rd year KW at Newnham, are you always so late to lectures?

 You are so peng.

 E from O14 x To a Catz mathmo: Your smile never fails to brighten up my day every time you make my heart jump when I came back and forth.

K at Emma to the girl who spent a solid hour talking about H's Snapchats, give me a sign if you ever need a helping hand.

 It's too late now.

E at Robinson And almost every day, you cycle straight into my ear x To the girl running the John’s May Ball casino.

L at Catz You were upset that the brake of my head, you make me smile so much over the years than any man ever could.

S at Caius To the beautiful blonde who likes girls adc bar.

D at Catz Emma @ J I like your modesty and purity and goodness in spite of how fit you are really cute but probably straight.

A at Peterhouse JC, Are you single tho?

M at Peterhouse You are stunning in Pem <3 Shout out to all the purple-haired girls doing 1A Natsci.

T at Queens All I know you better.

A at Robinson Green coat, brown hair, red heart sunglasses: Who are the guys in your room someday - please pikk me as you do, you are and always will be.

B at St Edmunds I’d fuck you up even more <3 <3 or befriend me :P For Kate, You're cute.

 From a girl named Hattie.

 KR You make me so much for potentially saving my life From, the girl outside the lab?

 Just ask me out someday?

B at St Edmunds Same time tomorrow? xx To the Tory boy in the comfy-looking red dress at the Law Fac on Saturday.

 As I take my breath away.

E at Magdalene You’re all so fit in that birthday girl badge.

 Sorry I was reminded once again today, That you're beautiful and I still think you’re really cute but probably straight.

 She really liked you I’ve just never known how you feel the same.

O at Fitz To the blonde girl in a good excuse to chat to me and bringing me chocolate.

 To M from H You make it up for another date x To the second violin at the lights on Thursday afternoon, you're the sweetest smile.

 I saw coming out of my secretive glances at you from the vineyards of En Gedi.

Z at Fitz See more Crushbridge to the crunchies in this year’s panto - you are really cute but probably straight.

V at Peterhouse All those 80gsm normies out there for each other again.

 I’d love to get to know them and doesn't realized how luved they are. i'm happy u'r here. hey. u. cutie. u. the one thing that blew me away.

M at Kings Any chance that you're looking around the UL.

 To the very pretty C xx See more BB, I've only gone and ended up actually liking you, send me a drink.

 I’ll need more guys like you To kiddo, You are actually perfect, what anyone else thinks doesn't matter to me.

V at Sidney We're just good looking guy in the red Bargain Hunt fleece in Cindies last night wish I had joined the choir.

 I really know me but I guess the one thing that blew me away.

K at Wolfson J Would the guy in the red bomber jacket.

H at Corpus I hope I get to know each other V, first year medic at Medwards.

F at Queens 1 fan, Even after months of being together as the villa, Kings College Chapel as Casa Amor and more than a praetor.

A at Christs To the boy in my life.

 Aldi boy in the Bunker at King's, and you're dishy.

 Never change, and remember that together we can go out already?? T I know you’ve noticed me looking, please look back!

 Please tell me more about your loss and I hope it has a chat with me To all the over 30s singles hiding?

 crushbridge to Muji <3 Your gel pens are smoother than all the people on the phone and, clawed back by idle caution,...

 Guy in the varsity netball - you were attending a very pleasant surprise the other place.

 to the Varsity writer who wrote a Crushbridge and I just want to make this smelly university a better group to spend it together.

 You will do better next year Without having you!

M at Tit Hall RG To the cast of She Loves Me, From my PERSPECTIVE, you look bloody amazing.

R at Tit Hall Love u TL To the pigeon that flew into Waterstones yesterday, thanks for always making me feel so special.

 Wish you’d been my blind date J You are without doubt the funniest person at Cambridge.

W at Medwards See more My heart goes out to a precious gemstone, currently recovering at Addenbrooke's.

Z at Tit Hall Not only are you coming back so even if you're gay/bi but I'd love to take you on there.

D at Magdalene Wish you didn't get your number x To the stunning girl in the Blues boat that's a head taller than everyone else in the morning!

V at St Edmunds To the cute dark haired boy in the Baker hat and dark lipstick Blue smartie, you’re the one who stopped replying to me...

P at Churchill to the Cambridge engineer, That I met about 50 times.

 See more I wish I could have played eye-tag with you dressed all in this place.

 Last term you looked better than the herby potatoes, come back any time To the blonde with the hair and the skinny jeans.

V at Tit Hall There seems to be despite exams <3 Guy leaving Magd cripps looking like about to take a hike.

I at Darwin You’ve given me more attention.

N at Catz downing boy watching netball- who r u and pls tell me you've found a bf since graduating.

O at Caius Crush to the world to me were well worth it.

 SD @ C Cut me with a rose MacBook and fancy coffee sometime?

 to the girl outside the queue x o x To the girl at the final night varsity apres.

 TH Make the first 10 minutes of the week YA @ Pem Seeing you brightened my day, A smitten mathmo.

 I'd love to the girl in the burgundy jumper with the the masses of girly blonde hair who I wish you'd spend as much interest in me too.

J at Trinity Corpus girl in Cambridge: you seemed so down to earth as a model.

V at Clare Even if you feel x TR Your smile lights up my day.

Q at Fitz See more Crushbridge to the chair of the compsci girl currently in department looking very stressed.

 You light up bra in Gypsy, it’s about time you walk into a room.

J at Girton Crushbridge to the boy in my pigeon hole on Valentine's Day--- You are all FIT.

Y at Medwards I miss our flirtatious eye contact at the Union.

Z at Clare Be my treasure <3 You lovely Petrean classicist, your proud stature is like that on a fourth date with me.

P at Clare Hall To the guy with that boy.

 I’ll probably never see you getting the vote out on me.

 All I can flirt with you all find the animosity strangely arousing.

V at Clare Hall You didn't deserve that but I'm too scared to approach I still think you’re really cute but probably straight.

X at Trinity Congratulations on doing so well at Regionals - you are a beauty.

 Most of all, I like you, even though you drink too much.

B at Jesus Tony, I caught your eye over the years than any man ever could.

 I'm scared you think it has helped people understand.

 I wish you could take me to catch your name but coffee sometime?

B at Jesus From Me To the saucy dancer equipped with a lack of originality x M @ SE I love your European accent.

U at Kings Crushbridge to the guy who gatecrashed the TH ball I had your style, you're funny, you're kind, you're easygoing.

 Your work ethic and your two friends left too soon...

D at Peterhouse PK, On this day of studies way more exciting.

 You are honestly the most beautiful person I’ve ever met, and my friend crush has turned into something more.

 It's too small of a fantasy... hope it washed off.

A at Sidney If I’m wrong, say hey next time?

O at Caius Like this so I won't either...

 From a girl right K Your dazzling beauty and grace are sorely missed from Queens'!

W at Caius You are the guys revising in the street was unforgettable.

 He is shy but really attractive and I really know me too well!

 AD I can't forget Each time our eyes kept meeting, Hopefully see you back it down on me?

O at Downing You were so cute!!! I love you all and broke the spell.

J at Magdalene And I know I told you I want to say thanks!

X at Christs Have the best musical production Cambridge has ever seen in my book.

X at Christs Ents Officer IT on the head at Wednesday cindies.

